perfume if health vests with a
welcome day and hello hello
it was Thursday and a good week center
as you are told 14 point is that there is not
we dedicate to hate someone or something
I would say that too much time has passed
so welcome back a new appointment
of god vittorio in life a just one
amount of hate is good and healthy
the world as we know it
we know thanks to opposites
no sweet bitter sauce is not hot
without cold there is no day without night
and there is no love without knots like hatred
all two sides of opposites serve
also to keep the world in
balance right or not
Well there's just no wrong
this is a very special bet for
break veil from all the pores it
recognize this young man is
alessandro locatelli in art loca 21
years has already published a book in which
sends all the new ones to the right group
sinners the web and social day more
named dias which states number one
how the hell do you become the number
one of as enough to be a little
spontaneous to have a little prompt answer
they are some tanks maybe they would come with
do as i stand by
days to climb rather vote than
ask for grandma's foot photos
here is blessed youth therefore it is that of you
like to talk on the phone I see one
rather high female percentage e
who hates it
here I knew the peaks for the percentage
male but because men do not like it
talk on the phone maybe because already
let you talk to a company normally
let alone in a piece of plastic
yet it was a man who invented this
it only shows how bulky they are
go and often backfires
ok okay i'm just exaggerating with praise
today, let's face it, there are so few
people I enjoy conversing with
on the phone that you can probably
to say that I also hate to speak to
phone I know is that there are gods
interlocutors you would need
tear off the give telephone connection
focus on the cellular contract that
who takes care of his business and continues to
tell you about strip
if you think about it eventually I want to tir
angry little lines of lisetta shoots except
bets get a luxury here too
or not nothing I don't understand some people
that need to flaunt it this way
it is understood there is to say but it will be so
because then we say it was made certain that
he says ok with this room the legs that
they come up to under his neck is one
pussy with series cup there is also reason
pulled because we are old satire
satire I know but it seems a given
water heater to you no you if in the shot
there is then asked that nose which is located at
those little eyes so those
I don't know a little lips don't capitulate
on the contrary you will not be better off
more attractive first a radiator on
radiators that have their own holes
inside those that are very slow and i
your misses because in winter because that
sucks then looks in excess both
successful ones where you poop inside
no sex and knows there is one more thing
crappy world I do not want to say stà
certainly not, but you're listening to me
lanfranco having them and then invested
the director and reversing for
I helped her know I passed over another
time
I know that she died exactly right
yes I knew what did n't greet
when he hangs up the ball in the game
by the yankees after sure dog with so much
of what I know we can focus on
death needless to say that they played in Rome
oh well but to which there was a field
actually equipped, however, perfect
then I can pick you up at 8 were
kahlan keys now can not ready but
at eight o'clock in the evening until 8 pm
when it is ready ready game o
anyway hello is the one with the house a
a thousand miles from a repeater
working and I never said either
to the overcoming of blessed parodi ci
I make an ass like that to do it
only legends the main thing is
important what you feel nice do not you
feel like a box of days
pelago
it's happening again where I fuck video
this how dead it will cost as mine
here you hear the disturbed line not
I felt not my wife explains a
moment as if he is preparing
reporting no wait
sorry if I don't feel a dick again
the spring onions the oil produced me
feeling
you do n't let me call you
these things are all necessary
otherwise we have to do the stocking
to wonder if there will be a Roman ever
less
speak by hand and stop for two minutes e
realize that I'm not understanding you
disturb that there is no time e
call to market bye bye bye sorry
nice that disturbance will be asked what we are
take a moment in the water
zero how are you guys but already has below
let's make some noise impose world
infinite but disfigured gardens of
listening but you are joking
heard the message produced with carlo
nano c to do a little of everything for the
next it will hurt short final setting
after seven years
that after so for a day
on the three pieces those three pieces thanks
while for feelings I care some
slice to carry on under must
to be terrible I also understand friends
of coca never is so says the banquet was
a little field taste program liked
spoken 14 bus 04 exhibit yes you are cash
are you sure the disease but
figure a lot but there will be sugar either
with arrow the one instead to the
contrary focuses too much on the
conversation is too little about that
what is he doing
but just think of carona but come on but
it's not full of pretty girls
remaining black only nice nice
intelligent and then there were also that
that put us so animated an ass
young man fixing video games
as what was for years cutting
words you may feel a baghdatis
always ignore now but go quiet
I have everything under control
look which is the nicest thing that
once again he told me that for you
it fattens it, that is, you see it sincerely
sincere
charlie for demi get fat and maybe
interiors will focus on
cookers you don't have to worry about
however I admit that I miss a
bag
first to the canaletto saleri and that instead
michael lei
oh well you are really insensitive
but what happens is you guys, violet
I hate telethon
I just found out with this video that
audio the phone of the text of the
telephone conversations
but you think a life without it is possible
but it's impossible
as far as cell phones are now
entered our lives I think not
there is a solution is that the cases of the
categories of artèfoto faces
will continue to rise
okay okay too i'm going to do
part of the club for example to me the fact
to have a wireless phone has
changed my life when I talk to
phone I don't know about you but I can't
still sitting still like lap
a spinning path walk way
even if I'm in the room and do i
furrows on the floors until I close
the conversation sometimes when i am
long chats and here it comes
even the breath you have one
solution to the elimination of this
malefic device or those
quirks you've spotted beyond
of the handset as interlocutors
absurd comments have happened to me
commentini enough thanks to the ark for
have participated in my demo video one
today you can read a bit of a tree
next week
Hello